what's up slackers want to waste some
more time well let's do it you're in the
right place you are in the right place
guys girls I don't want to sound sexist
but anyway we are back over here and you
know as you can tell by the title what's
going on I mean Tyler I'm gonna let
Tyler explain what's going on because we
need your help we need your help Tyler
continue all right so guys we we need
your help because we want to try and
make a different minecraft series we've
been doing minecraft survival island for
a while now and it's not that's getting
boring it's not that sting gold it's
just like you know we want to expand on
the Minecraft things besides survival
island or new crust or you know whatever
it is and so we came up with idea of
doing like a build-off series between me
and Pete for right now maybe some other
youtubers down the road but do like a
build a thing like you guys you know
give us an object to build and then me
and Pete go head-to-head to see who
makes the the best build and then you
guys can vote on who won in the comment
section up but for that the work you
guys need to leave comments down below
in the comments section of items that
you want us to bill you know like
whether it's a tank whether it's a giant
soccer ball or you know other human body
parts you know I don't know you guys
leave them in the comments and I will
start building up and if we pick wait
wait and I thought feel safe to say that
I will be building everything out of
dirt and you will not be probably but
you never know maybe the dirt can work
for you with some objects and wants to
build with like what they tell us to you
know make a pile of you know like
that is right down your aisle like Ali
because you build with dirt dirty brown
there you go you got it and has this
been done before I looked and there's
other peoples that have them like build
off videos but never really like a
successful or a continuous thing going
on like they might do or like a couple
episodes here and there but the way I
have it envisioned in my head no it
hasn't been done before yet alright so
Tyler before we end this video just tell
the audience right now what you want
them to do with the comments or the
ratings just so why we know what we're
doing here all right in the comments
section leave a comment on what you want
us to build
all you got to do I say if I both have
us build a tank you just say build a
tank that's simple leave a comment down
below and with the ratings if you like
the idea of doing a build-off series hit
that like button if you don't like it it
that dislike button and it's that simple
so get to it alright so slackers you
have a task we have a task to fulfill
from your input and Tyler thank you for
explaining it and so guys start
commenting because we are on skype right
now waiting for your suggestions we're
going to be reading your suggestions
right now as they're coming in we're
going to discuss them and we're going to
give you a little shout-out when we make
the video if we chose what you suggested
right yes alright so slackers get to it
and you know bon voyage here we go let's
do this while it's not really gay the
sorry keep all slacking here we go let's
do it